* @DataDog/apm-ruby

# Public Documentation
/docs/Compatibility.md @DataDog/documentation
/docs/GettingStarted.md @DataDog/documentation

# Library
lib/datadog/appsec/* @DataDog/asm-ruby
lib/datadog/appsec.rb @DataDog/asm-ruby
lib/datadog/tracing/* @DataDog/apm-ruby
lib/datadog/tracing.rb @DataDog/apm-ruby
lib/datadog/opentelemetry/* @DataDog/apm-ruby
lib/datadog/opentelemetry.rb @DataDog/apm-ruby
lib/datadog/opentracer/* @DataDog/apm-ruby
lib/datadog/opentracer.rb @DataDog/apm-ruby
lib-injection/* @DataDog/apm-ruby
lib/datadog/profiling/* @ivoanjo
lib/datadog/profiling.rb @ivoanjo
ext/* @ivoanjo

# Specs
spec/datadog/appsec/* @DataDog/asm-ruby
spec/datadog/tracing/* @DataDog/apm-ruby
spec/datadog/tracing_spec.rb @DataDog/apm-ruby
spec/datadog/opentelemetry/* @DataDog/apm-ruby
spec/datadog/opentelemetry_spec.rb @DataDog/apm-ruby
spec/datadog/opentracer/* @DataDog/apm-ruby
spec/datadog/opentracer.rb @DataDog/apm-ruby
spec/datadog/profiling/* @ivoanjo
spec/datadog/profiling_spec.rb @ivoanjo
